# Deep-Q-Learning-Algorithm

This project is a treasure hunting game that is played by an agent with an integrated deep q-learning algorithm, where the objective is to navigate a maze and get the treasure.
For this project I was given starter code that contained things like the imports, a maze object, a show function, an action's directory, a play game, completion check, and build modal functions, and more. What the code did not have was a completed deep q-training algorithm.
I implemented this algorithm to train itself over various episodes, utilizing rewards and penalties with weights, in this case the rewards or penalties were how close the agent was to getting the treasure, and penalties were if the agent was moving farther away from the treasure.
The agent is then updated, becoming better as the training progresses, until the agent reaches a one hundred percent win rate.

Computer Scientists can develop software to solve real world problems. These problems could be through entertainment, like in the form of video games or developing application for watching movies. These problems could be in the form of setting up money management infrastructure, online retain stores, or account management systems for companies. The field of Computer Science could span almost every industry, and this work matters as software can automate and improve many things, from machinery to online applications, increasing efficiency, and revenue. Overall the field of Computer Science is one that is very important, as a lot of infrastructure is relying on software solutions in the modern world, so Computer Scientists creating and maintaining these infrastructures is very important.

Approaching a problem as a Computer Scientist can involve understanding the problem, then breaking the problem down into smaller components so that the problem can potentially be easier to understand. Then, we can develop a step-by-step plan, start development, then test and release the solution. 
Ethical responsibilities for the end user and the organization can include being transparent about data utilization, and trying to follow best practices throughout development. Being transparent can be very important as a Computer Scientist, as informing end users what to expect from a software solution, and being transparent about data utilization, can help with managing expectations, and building a great reputation as a software developer.
